it turns out like when Christ was Russian there were none Well who told you that well at the moment when for example a Nazarene was born Well here is Christ Jesus Christ from Nazareth yes Well at that moment in Russia there was and what kind of faith the family had in Rus' it was still there are other states this is Prim again some somewhere you are trying to run away where you shouldn't run Hello Good evening where are you from Happy great holiday to you Christ was born Hello good evening where are you from so he was born on the 1st of the month all Orthodox except Russia the twenty fifth is the holiday of Christ Greek the church is also like p only according to the wrong calendar And in the World Cup the point is yes you are a Christian Yes Orthodox I am Orthodox not a Christian I am Orthodox what does Orthodox mean Orthodox Everything is correct yes So how are you Orthodox different from Christians but the first thing is that we have never had an indulgence this firstly, yes, but secondly, all the canons, let's say, of the Orthodox, well, Christian Faith, lay down on the canons of the faith and signs  we are icons of Nikanor Yes, there were
canons, so to speak, of the Catholic Church,
which provided for the difference
between wealth and perception and the
like, there are many different
moments, but it turns out that you have, as I
understand it, in Russia there are both Christian
churches and
Orthodox ones, no, we only have
Orthodox ones, that is, Christian ones  you
are not there only Orthodox are not there only
Orthodox It's just that we have
our faith our holy Orthodox not
Holy Christian for example take here
in Christian Faith for example they marry
young people for example those who get married
Yes they marry like In Glory to the kings of
Jerusalem and the people of
Jerusalem in Orthodoxy there is no such thing
Orthodoxy does not crown In the glory of the
Jerusalem people Orthodoxy
crowns In the glory of the family of God of love of the
mother well I wonder
how it is with Christians I know who God is and with
you Orthodox in Russia How is the name of
God
love the name of God So there is love God is
love
there is the son of God
Jesus of Nazareth  there is a holy spirit of the father of
God And there is God this is love God is
love well and his name is Yah Jehovah as he
was Bib no  none no Yah jasper there
and so on No it's all from onions
God is
love so
God gave there some tablets 10
commandments do you recognize Moses Yes this
Excuse me this is just your Yah ma
yes Moses There they gave something written
Well, they act according to the instructions.
That is, I understood that you, as an Orthodox Christian, do
not recognize him, do not recognize the 10 commandments of
Christians. No, sorry, there are nine
commandments, not 10, but nine. Orthodoxy has
nine commandments. And the main commandment. As
you say, the tenth is the foundation, it is
to love your neighbor. This is  the first law
A there are nine commandments
that allow you to live Well, for example, in
society Do not steal Do not kill Do not pity
Do not covet the good of your neighbor Your neighbor's wife
and so on This is an ordinary, let's say,
law of a social just
society Yeah And there, in my opinion, there was
a commandment that this is Do not overeat
you're hinting at me so I don't overeat I
got into an accident and when I was in a coma for 4 months
I
hormones were injected so that everything would be understood by the growth So I don't overeat it, I didn't just ask about this smell Well I understand yes, the face is big yes Well, how very even somehow Oh well, it presses, presses on the moral Well, stop it, I'm a normal person Absolutely It's just that I was a truck driver for 20 years got into an accident it happened That's why they gave me hormonal injections that's why everything is done uh Listen it turns out uh the history of Orthodoxy From what century does it take its history well, it's 50 years before the beginning of the Baptism of Rus when the canons were adopted for example when Prince Vladimir baptized Rus before he baptized Rus he came to the Byzantine Empire and before that he was tempted by the Byzantines, namely the Greek Church, remember that story When in Kyiv they built a temple and laid it out with gold coins Yes, the floor in that temple remember that story how Prince Vladimir, all his squad, started talking like Bosch Yes we'll raise the floor at once, well, they say, no, we need to, they say, go to church for three months  they
say Yes let's go And do you remember how Prince
Vladimir saw through the Byzantines remember
what he said He asked one question And how do
you say are you ready to lay out
gold coins they say edgewise O speak Yes if he
doesn't say so it won't go lay it down with
this face of your base
to step on the basil Yes and  do you remember
what it is, for example, on the edge? Well, in the
same Byzantine Empire, a coin on the
edge What is it that fell on the edge I don't remember,
well, you are
restless, therefore, the temple and the people
who are laid out, for example, with those coins,
are
restless. Byzantium, as they then asked the
question,
re and
on the edge, ma,
clarification, you became Orthodox  after
the accident or
before I will hear you my dear No, I
studied history very well I went to
Greece I liked it I
really liked it I went to
Constantinople I really
really liked it
They were very cunning the Byzantines were This
is the Eastern Roman Empire they were very
ry which in principle after the collapse of the
empire For how much If I'm not mistaken for
112 years in my opinion retained their Yes
independence  from all only the Turks the
Ottomans not even the Turks or rather the Ottomans
were able to stop this
existence And so they basically for
two quarters of the conquest of the Roman Empire they
kind of maintained their
influence Yes the Greeks They were cunning yes from
ancient times Here all Pythagoras Plato this is
also also under the Greeks I  same Those about Byzantium
now I'm talking Byzantium is Greek
Well it was a Greek people it was just
later Yes you're confusing the Greek language Yes
the church is Greek
yes yes they didn't have a Greek church
especially they had this church
remember Which state accepted but but  on
what grounds On what canons would the
same Orthodox Church be accepted
Well, the Christian Church, I
apologize, again on What
canons, for example, the same cult of the miter,
no one abolished the Byzantine Empire
for a single month, for a single year It
was not abolished for a single week  mit mit also
worked therefore the story that katori
on the same remains of the Eastern
Empire is well this is nonsense mito throughout the whole
time  retained its influence priests of Mithra built temples well the question is so interesting it turns out you How is your head of your church who is your Orthodox Metropolitan of Moscow what Kirill well at the moment ril and he is a patriarch he is not a metropolitan he is a patriarch Oh yes Oh I beg your pardon excuse me yes it is a patriarch Yes understood that is you are from the Russian Orthodox Church understood well And the question is like When was Christ Russians None existed Well Who told you that the moment when for example jewish Christ of Nazareth was born yes That's at that moment in Rus' existed and what faith ro Trust in Rus' not it was the same there were others there and there again some somewhere you are trying to run away where you shouldn't run Rus' existed and it existed under one it was Rodnovery it is sla I understood that is Rus' at the time when Christ was born Rus' was Rus' was Absolutely right was Pony understood the same Prince Vladimir of the Byzantine Empire When Prince Vladimir was young
The Byzantine Empire paid tribute to the Rodnovers of Rus' Yes, but this was already 9 centuries after the birth of Christ No, no Well, yes, I take Prince Vladimir, yes And at the moment of the Byzantine Empire, take that same Prince Dakar Remember the Danube prince, they paid him tribute and the Byzantine Empire What prince is the drakar Dakar Dakar Dakar Yes I know it was a direct Descendant was Achilles so more details still hip I know that Achilles is Achilles Yes no Achilles it was Achilles as he was supposedly called everyone would also remember so this is a prince nov would be considered direct direct descendant of AI pay as they paid in gold the same golden fleece It was Tribute Tribute of poison in the river onu there is there is that there was wool white Well painted gold Okay I understand you guys are not just it seemed to me prince ethyl like ethyl alcohol it is atila yes atila yes atila yes dactyl  yes yes and Tila he was a Slav
this has already been proven like Slavic with Kif well
so we have Slavic so she
Slavic this tribe it
spread essentially to the Danube itself
Western borders of the
Danube then these Romanians Romani these are the
Romans Yes they Romans came and
displaced  a few Slavs No Romanians no
this is not a Roman Empire no in any
case here is Romania it came from Where did
these mountain tribes come from these
Transcarpathian mountains if they
were from
there but they didn't have much of a relationship with the Slavs
although they that's why throughout all
time  is being conducted Who are the Romanians Or the
Hindus Armenians now dispute Well Armenians
Armenians with us as they themselves claim
be it not okay that they are the first
Christians on earth from them everything
came I know I know yes topic Listen but by the
way It's interesting
but the Slavs so before Prince Vladimir
so in the times of atil the Slavic Empire
what territories did it occupy Yes there was no
empire there were Commonwealths in essence  different
tribes the same here are the genus of Faith well
who worshiped someone worshiped the
genus someone worshiped Perun and someone
Churu there
and 24 if I'm not mistaken I won't
assert now Yes but they all in
principle in principle all Yes  were
essentially Rodnovers Well now the IC is called
pagans here and there well I know that yes then
Rodnovers yes I read that too I
was into that Yes there was a full
Pantheon with spirits with all with Mavka there were
1488 characters the main one was Rod Yes
and his wife Lada  they didn't have welding and
Lada in short there is a daughter Lada was a daughter
uro wife Mara was yes and Lada is a daughter
Therefore they say to live in harmony and there and there
with the same Yarim who is the rising
sun Yes life is the same Samara who
transfers summer to winter
dead what do you know about the Chinese
Great Wall of China in which direction
it is directed in
the direction Soviet engineers were the first to
approve proved in 6  If I'm not mistaken
in the eighth year that all the loopholes all the
infrastructure is directed against
there this is our ancestors Slavs
yes yes it seems like the creation of the world
is carried out as a victory over This is over
China over the red dragon Yes over
China Yes therefore and as if this
knight who won Yes  he is by the way a rag
in yes to do to ruble icons For example if
you take do ruble icons there he is generally
Slavic completely in armor
helmet
like a plane scales and the like Well
this is chain mail everything is here itself and he
also has a drop shield he is depicted he has a
shield like a Slavic warrior  bogatyr purely Yes
it is Slovenian yes And therefore
the creation of the world is currently being conducted
from 7000 900 some Well that is why
the creation of the world says that the world
was when when the Chinese were defeated Yes And
this is the Great Wall of China I also
know this yes these are our ancestors the Slavs
They made a fence against the Chinese Yes,
absolutely against the Chinese Well, because not in
one  for example, I read a lot of Kira
Doto I read, for example, the same thing
here in it, and he is generally recognized,
for example, the Roman chronicler is an absolutely
complete historian, not the Roman pic is the most
famous in Rome.
But nowhere is it indicated, for example, that
he is described somewhere in the Roman  there for
example some le for example a dragon
nowhere in Roman history there is no mention of
dragons because the Romans did not
contact the Chinese yes Well they have, I
say again, for example, the worship of
the cult of Mithras, the raven but there is no dragon anywhere
they have the cult of Mithras, that's all Apollo  There
they later when they took
Greek, these mythologies There they
basically took
Apollo Well, this is already more to the planetary
scale to build Neptune Apollo Venus
The abduction of Europa is the same By the way,
Europe then Planet remember what
Venus was called She is Europe she was previously
called p  Europe
since the time when I was
engaged in cargo transportation I had
our normal Soviet Kamaz This is a
real Kamaz with our engine and
Russian  The Academy of Sciences in the year 1941 to the
Urals, these are these. They conducted many
expeditions, although they say that there is
money for the expedition. By the way, I lived with this
professor Sundukovy Vereshchagino, this is
this, with Megino, we lived practically in the
same tent. And they
were engaged in this issue. Yeah, that's it.  and for this it
was very interesting they argued this is
really when for example
three or four literate people Yes
really with an academic
education start arguing bring
facts to one another this is a 21 year old And you
lie there listening to all this this all this
all this
By the way, I think you know for sure about
Arkaim Arkaim Yes, I never got to it
Although there was a Great Dream It was
only started in the tens of years Well,
more or less to develop, well, well, to
raise all this, but I never got to it
Prora Kaim Yes  I've heard
a lot, again,
this is a video,
but I've heard a lot, a
lot, here's the question, how they
talked a lot about Ukraine, about the
emergence of the Cossacks. And I myself
Don Cossack
purebred ancestral for me to say that
this is a generally sore
subject How how did it all begin how was this
Khorti Island developed by the Cossacks how did
it all press how did it defend itself when the
first Ladi came before them there these
steppe dwellers how did they defend themselves the first
Cossacks how were these Kuren the first
formed This is how churches
were formed there Khortitsa Well,
really, what are the Cossacks, these are these Well,
the Sich, this is why they called the
Sich What is there Here or
[music]
but here too, this is a little bit of an
interesting question it turns out that you are
Orthodox, you are not Christians, you are
Orthodox  yes But it turns out that you are
Russian And your God Jesus Christ is a
Jew Yes, by the way, many questions
arise but again Well, here we have not that
God Jesus Christ Jesus Christ is not a
god he is a
Son, a son,
because he does not return
again why is he  Jew Well, that's how I would
put it, but it is not elevated to the canon,
for example, of an idol.
Father, son and holy spirit, there is
this Trinity that makes up the whole. This is
omnipresent.  world
which he turns out He is a Jew God son
Jew
Jew from mother
Jewess ma here I am
incompetent if now to say I don't
know how much they would talk about this
also asked Well here Well what like Achilles
Tila it's all competent And here about
Jesus immediately incompetent not he  I am a Jew
and it turns out that I cannot speak for such things,
why did I ask the question,
for example, I have a classmate, a
priest, who baptized me, so I was
baptized at 40 years old like a real
Cossack in Khopyor, I was baptized by Kuna there on the day of
Sergius of Radonezh three times in Khopyor. That's all
I  I also ask my classmate
Sasha explain Yes, for example,
it seems like Jesus Christ, Jews and the
like Yes, we, like, well, we dont honor
this same thing, these
covenants of theirs or the same book, the Torah Yes,
it is the ancestor of the book of the Bible, in
essence  says sir here very says
difficult says moments here says In
principle the question Vera what for you
is a priority yes says in Tory it is
written be fruitful multiply like
stars for the planet your land in  Tore even
he revealed to me such a secret that there is
such a moment he says that for example
if they are not Jewish there is such a question
Jews do not gather in one place in that so to
speak mass so that you have to
work for each other yes heresy is
obscenity this is the Torah and there is the Bible
which  cut off some moments Here I am
saying So it means we take something from there we
take something from here Yes so after all
maybe native faith it is right that
there is God it is everywhere it exists It is your
nature I don't need temples I can come
to the forest  and feel Yes the presence there of the
omnipresent this creator yes
Well look if you are Orthodox yes you
can't believe in Rodnovery because
it is
idolatry No
why why please
Maslenitsa Red
Hill these are all Orthodox
holidays Orthodox Yes it is the same it is
Orthodox
Christmas Yes it is the beginning of the times of Laziness to that
similar these are all the same Why
Orthodoxy you even take these well
let's take a little mysticism
professors of the same demonology uh and he
Lauren Lorraine and uh these like  their
Lord orns yes here they are as they wrote
their books the only ones from demonology
who sent this this Kingdom of Muscovy and
Russian
because they imposed so I wait I
got lost again again about these Well for
example eh
Yes for example and and Lauren WOR Well they are
professor  demonology from the Vatican This is
how they wrote about Russia The only one
who shot against the Holy Inquisition there
and the like Yes it is Russia
Why did Christianity impose trust on ro
and bring out its
line you did not read them Yes never
it is static
that you are the first to hear Forgive you and re
voro  or what? How do you feel
about this philosopher Umberto Eco
who concludes that Moscow is the temple of
Satan, which means there were two poles
Rome is the Temple of God Yes, because the
Apostle founded a church there and Moscow
then was the devil when he was not overthrown from
heaven, he is
still a dude  I endured like squeak comment
letter on my Telegram right now axis VN
apok this is very and very important YouTube busy
us through scarg ORV in your ban and very
many videos I do not show to people at times I do not
show information about streams so
that we Mali ora active links
are written right now and Popik there in
telegrams okrim video also interesting and
useful information and we are sorry with you
trimati postiyny operational ligaments not
dependent in that chi will show you about this
YouTube Slava ukraini
write a